# Reaxpress

A boilerplate bundled with a CLI for rapid Express/React prototyping.

Features:

 - A CLI for generating routes and boilerplate code
 - Universal React components for server and client side rendering

What this is not:

 - This is not a SPA (may change in the future).

### Under the hood

This code is built on top of the [Express application generator](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/generator.html) default project. The view engine uses ejs just for the template file and uses universal server/client React components. The gist of the command line integration is you can register routes which are tracked in  .reaxpress/skeleton.json. Reaxpress will generate boilerplate code, including the express route, a basic react component, and modifications to the webpack config file. A prestart script lives in ./bin/prestart.sh which will run Knex migrations, compile scss files, and run webpack. This project follows [Airbnb React/JSX Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/react).

### Usage

The cli is a work in progress and functionality is non-existent at the moment. A basic 'create' action is available by using:

    ./reaxpress/reaxpress route [route]

The following convention will be used when completed:

    ./reaxpress/reaxpress create [route]
    ./reaxpress/reaxpress delete [route]
    ./reaxpress/reaxpress forget [route]

### Todo

Aside from writing/rewriting the CLI functionality, I am looking to create a barebones javascript object generated by the server that the react components can use on the front end to avoid duplicate requests for data that we already have. Very simple here people, very simple. Will probably get more complex as I build it out and will eventually burn everything and use Redux but that's ok. I hoping the idea in my head translates as elegantly as I'm imaginging it.

### Setup

Installation:

    npm install

This project will expect a postgres database

    CREATE USER <db_user> WITH PASSWORD '<db_password>';
    CREATE DATABASE <db_name> OWNER <db_user>;
    -- need privileges to install uuid-ossp extension via knex migration
    ALTER USER <db_user> WITH SUPERUSER;

With defined environment variable:

    export REAXPRESS_CONNECTION_STRING=postgresql://jb_user:randompasswordstring@127.0.0.1:5432/jb_database
